That pretty much covers my UpWork process from setting up your profile to finding work.
As I mentioned throughout this course,
you will start to see things change over time as you build up your profile.
Soon enough, you'll go from being the one constantly applying for jobs,
to now being invited to apply for jobs by the client themselves.
The long-term goal of succeeding on UpWork is
not just to find a few clients and make a bit of money,
even though that's great.But what you can do with UpWork is
build your profile into an asset that attracts the work to you.
Remember to keep this in mind as you work with clients,
reassuring yourself that the benefits of doing great work
for one client help your business in the long-term,
helping you to work with more clients and bigger projects.
As always, if you need any tips or guidance,
be sure to leave a comment in the discussion box below,
and I'll do my best to point you in the right direction.
Anyway guys, thanks for watching and I hope to see you again in some of my other courses.